# domains that would otherwise be caught by the typosquatting protection

apple.co # apple.com
boogle.com # google.com
domino.com # dominos.com
eboy.com # ebay.com
google.cm # google.com
googles.com # google.com
healthyline.com # healthline.com
interest.co.nz # pinterest.co.nz
interest.com # pinterest.com
life.com # live.com
mail.com # gmail.com
minterest.com # pinterest.com
mlive.com # live.com
noke.com # nike.com
officer.com # office.com
opple.com # apple.com
pinterest.co # pinterest.com
t.umblr.com # tumblr.com
targit.com # target.com
titter.com # twitter.com
videos.com # xvideos.com
wbay.com # ebay.com
wikimedia.org # wikipedia.org
witter.com # twitter.com
ymail.com # gmail.com
youtubez.com # youtube.com
zaobao.com # taobao.com
